
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(0) length: 0
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:188 Order files data: Array(2)
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:189 Setting orderFiles to: Array(2)
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:193 🚪 About to open modal - setting isFilesModalOpen to true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:195 🚪 Modal state set to: true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:196 Opening files modal with 2 files...
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:969 🚪 Modal isFilesModalOpen: true
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:970 🔍 Modal rendering - orderFiles: Array(2) length: 2
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:971 🔍 Condition check: orderFiles.length === 0? false
admin-dashboard-clean.tsx:972 🔍 Will show files list? true